Improve logging and status reporting of actions (#155)
mozilla/jira-bugzilla-integration: src/jbi/whiteboard_actions/README.md

1. First, add a new Python file (eg. `my_team_action.py`) in the `src/jbi/whiteboard_actions/` directory.
1. Add the Python function `init` to the module, for example:
    ```python
    from src.jbi import ActionResult, Operation

    def init(jira_project_key, optional_param=42):

        def execute(payload) -> ActionResult:
            print(f"{optional_param}, going to {jira_project_key}!")
            return Operation.CREATE, {"result": 42}

        return execute
    ```
    1. In the above example the `jira_project_key` parameter is required
    1. `optional_param`, which has a default value, is not required to run this action
    1. `init()` returns a `__call__`able object that the system calls with the Bugzilla request payload

>     1. The returned operation will be used for logging and the along side value will be returned by the WebHook endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. The returned ActionResult features an `operation` (used for logging) along with a Dict (used as a response to the WebHook endpoint).
```

Maybe? Up to you though
